[WIP] Update workshop llama-3.1 finetuning example and adjust kfto-sft-llm … (#422)
opendatahub-io/distributed-workloads: examples/kfto-sft-llm/README.md

## Setup

### Configure Kueue (Optional)

> [!NOTE]
> This section is only required if you plan to use Kueue for workload management (RHOAI 2.21+).

> * Update the `nodeLabels` in the `workshops/llm-fine-tuning/kueue/resource_flavor.yaml` file to match your AI worker nodes

Reviewer: I wonder if that would be preferable the Kueue configuration be in the example and the workshop points to it or we repurpose the workshop into a first class example, WDYT?

Author: I will be testing it further thoroughly

![](./docs/06.png)
* Navigate to the `distributed-workloads/examples/kfto-sft-llm` directory and open the `sft` notebook

> [!IMPORTANT]
> * You will need a Hugging Face token if using gated models:
>   * The examples use gated Llama models that require a token (e.g., https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.1-8B)
>   * Set the `HF_TOKEN` environment variable in your job configuration
>   * Note: You can skip the token if switching to non-gated models
> * If using RHOAI 2.21+, the example supports Kueue integration for workload management:
>   * When using Kueue:
>     * Follow the [Configure Kueue (Optional)](#configure-kueue-optional) section to set up required resources
>     * Add the local-queue name label to your job configuration to enforce workload management
>   * You can skip Kueue usage by:

> >     > Note: Kueue Enablement via Validating Admission Policy was introduced in RHOAI-2.21. You can skip this section if using an earlier RHOAI release version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>     > Note: Kueue Enablement via Validating Admission Policy was introduced in RHOAI 2.21. You can skip this section if using an earlier RHOAI release version.
```

![](./docs/06.png)
* Navigate to the `distributed-workloads/examples/kfto-sft-llm` directory and open the `sft` notebook

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > * You will need a Huggingface token with access to the Llama models:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> * You will need a Hugging Face token with access to the Llama models:
```

> > * You will need a Hugging Face token with access to the Llama models:

Reviewer 3: This looks like repetition. This is already mentioned in the notebook itself -
https://github.com/opendatahub-io/distributed-workloads/blob/main/examples/kfto-sft-llm/sft.ipynb

>   * Make sure you have access to the required model (e.g., https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.1-8B)
>   * Set the `HF_TOKEN` environment variable in your job configuration
> * If using RHOAI 2.21+, the example supports Kueue integration for workload management:
>   * When using Kueue:
>     * Follow the [Configure Kueue](#configure-kueue-optional) section to set up required resources

> >     * Add the local-queue name label to your job configuration to enforce workload management

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
>     * Add the 'local-queu-name' to label 'kueue.x-k8s.io/queue-name' to your job configuration to enforce workload management
```

Author: The current wording seems to work well in context and matches what users will see in practice. I afraid the suggested change might create confusion to add given pronoun in single quotes as it is as label value. I'd prefer to keep it as is, but let me know if you feel strongly about it.

>   * You can skip Kueue usage by:
>     > Note: Kueue Enablement via Validating Admission Policy was introduced in RHOAI-2.21. You can skip this section if using an earlier RHOAI release version.

> >     * Disabling the existing `Kueue-validating-admission-policy-binding`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>     * Disabling the existing `kueue-validating-admission-policy-binding`
```
